CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# SET08403 Group H - Code of Conduct
## Our Agreement
As a group, we agree to make relevant and informed decisions that will adhere
to the guidelines on this assessment set out by the university. Any worked submitted
to this repository is assumed to have been discussed in detail beforehand or to be
discussed at a future date by the group members.

We pledge to contribute effectively to our team and follow this code to the best of
our knowledge and ability.

## Our Guidelines
The following guidelines outline the expected behaviour from each member of our group,
along with the relevant consequence, should any guideline be broken:

### 1.
#### Expectation:
Team members are expected to work as if they are co-workers and be respectful. All team members are equal and all opinions are relevant and to be considered.
#### Consequence:
Any team member found to be disrespectful will need to apologise by way of a chocolate bar. More severe cases will be escalated.
### 2.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:
### 3.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:
### 4.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:
### 5.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:

Commit message:

Adding second Guideline to Code of Conduct

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# SET08403 Group H - Code of Conduct
## Our Agreement
As a group, we agree to make relevant and informed decisions that will adhere
to the guidelines on this assessment set out by the university. Any worked submitted
to this repository is assumed to have been discussed in detail beforehand or to be
discussed at a future date by the group members.

We pledge to contribute effectively to our team and follow this code to the best of
our knowledge and ability.

## Our Guidelines
The following guidelines outline the expected behaviour from each member of our group,
along with the relevant consequence, should any guideline be broken:

### 1.
#### Expectation:
Team members are expected to work as if they are co-workers and be respectful. All team members are equal and all opinions are relevant and to be considered.
#### Consequence:
Any team member found to be disrespectful will need to apologise by way of a chocolate bar. More severe cases will be escalated.
### 2.
#### Expectation:
During team meetings group decisions are to be made by consensus; however, when a consensus cannot be reached, the majority will rule. Members in disagreement will have a chance to express their opinion, but must ultimately commit themselves fully to the group decision.
#### Consequence:
Any member continuing to work in a silo against the group decision will have the opportunity to make their case. If it is found that their actions are detrimental to the progress of coursework, then they will be penalised a percentage of their weekly contribution during the code review. The amount of this will be agreed by the remaining majority.
### 3.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:
### 4.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:
### 5.
#### Expectation:
#### Consequence:
